Listen, how did you get the news at all? The copies of your book? Might have ended up at the bottom of the ocean

[missing part]

I have an interesting story about what happened to your book, since you left that message and then I called her back and she told me the news. So because, you know, interesting is never good.

[missing part]

And, you know, when she said that my book, the entire printing, the 50,000 Copy Printing was in one container on a boat and it had possibly been lost. It me. I mean, I couldn't believe it because you do things like that. You just never think that you're going to be seem like it doesn't seem like a thing that's going to happen to hear many things. Should be at the bottom of the sea

[big missing part]


Does that mean it's not coming out on time? Because my book is supposed you published on March 22nd should know. Now, it's not frequent the Box slowed. And so, did they tell you what happened with? How did the, how did the container go overboard?

And some of the containers are piled up standard, operating procedure for both, they and the storm at sea managed to dislodge a bunch of containers and some of them selling to each other and they got crushed and then some of them just went overboard and the phone is they don't know where my I don't really have a map of where the cargo is it in parts of the ship. 

So the books may be perfectly fine on Deck. They may be crushed or they may be hanging out with the fishes

are sea food recipes.
Unfortunately, there are but you know, if you think about it other fish, so maybe maybe they'll learn something new

[missing part] of the fish of some creature that decided to get you for telling people how to cook with their friend

[big missing part]

lost at Sea Stories. Involving cookbooks is yours. The only cookbook that was lost at sea.
I know. So there's a restaurant in New Orleans called tricking the wolf and they have their very first cookbook. That was also on that same boat as they lost their books as well. And they are not in the same boat as it were as your new book messages. If you put out to your fans.

