The Winter Olympics are now underway and the FBI has been telling athletes heading to Beijing to bring burner phones. That's probably not something on the packing list for most Olympic games. But the situation in China is unique and PR cyber security correspondent, Jenna McLaughlin joins us to talk about the digital threats. That might pop up during the game. Say Jenna PR. Why is the FBI telling people to pack burner phones for Beijing. So basically the FBI is warning athletes that in China. They should have no expectation of privacy. It's a sophisticated.

Modern surveillance state that has facial recognition, video cameras, everywhere, and web traffic is tightly monitored. So, if you bring your personal cell phone or connect to the free Wi-Fi, that China's offering to athletes, the FBI says you should expect all of that data to be vulnerable. And for that reason, some countries have already been handing out burner phones to athletes preemptively, an official Olympics app called my 2022. Also raised some controversy about privacy, though, most of the information that's shared. There is already accessible to Chinese authorities in a central database.

So what it comes down to is that these threats to privacy are present for anybody traveling to China these days, particularly journalists given the political environment and the government's desired exercise control. Meanwhile big events, like the Olympics face, all kinds of other digital threats Beyond these individual privacy, concerns, like what? So honestly, it's like a perfect storm for bad guys who want to take advantage of all the Fanfare for their own purposes. First, if cybercriminals launched a ransom or attack that prevented live broadcast of

It's during the pandemic. Criminals might be hoping that they'd be desperate enough to pay to avoid embarrassment. There's lots of personal information out there floating on athletes and journalists and activists also might want to draw attention to Human Rights, abuses including the Weger camps and jinjiang a talking point. China desperately wants to avoid. I spoke to charity right? An analyst at cyber security firm recorded future who's monitoring those activist groups on social media. Listen to this. We haven't seen hacktivists in the criminal.

Underground speaking about planned attacks, but there has been quite a lot of activity and social media from certain groups that have an interest in bringing up human rights abuses and issues with the Chinese Communist party. Let me ask you about Russia because officially Rush is banned by the Olympic Committee for doping Putin. And she put out a statement today pledge.

Being alignment, do your sources, think that Russia could see these games is ripe for a Cyber attack. So, that's a great question. Re Russia, does have a track record of launching cyber attacks during the Olympics. It's a matter of national pride, for Putin after his athletes were punished. Although they do still compete. Just not under the official Banner of Russia in 2018 in South Korea. They shut off the entire it set up during the opening ceremonies and they blamed it on North Korean hackers, although charity, right? The intelligence analysts said, her team thinks the Russians and other states that might be capable of causing.

Causing destruction like Iran and North Korea. Might hesitate this time to launch cyber attacks because Beijing is hosting. Take a listen to this. So it's in their best interest. As a friend of China. To not only allow it to go on undisrupted but to help even facilitate that to go well, so China is definitely trying to show itself as a global power and that means any cyber tuck or disruption could spoil that image NPR's Jenna McLaughlin our cyber security correspondent. Thanks a lot.

Thanks so much.